Leave Policy:
Every employee of Presidio is entitled to the following leaves in the
calendar year (January to December):
Casual Leave: 12 days of Casual Leave in a calendar year for all
existing employees. For new joiners, it will be added on a pro-rated
basis, depending on the month of joining.
Sick Leave: 12 days of Sick Leave in a calendar year for all existing
employees. For new joiners, it will be added on a pro-rated basis,
depending on the month of joining.
Privilege Leave: After 12 months of continuous service, employees are
entitled to 12 days of Privilege Leaves during the following 12-months
period. These leaves will be credited on a monthly basis (1 day per
month). Privilege Leave can be accumulated up to a maximum of 45
days. Upon cessation of employment, upto 15 days of unused Privilege
Leave can be encashed. Encashment will be based on the Basic Pay
component of the employee.
Maternity Leave / Paternity Leave: Every employee is entitled to
maternity and paternity leave, as applicable, in accordance with
Presidio's policy on maternity and paternity leaves. Please refer to the
Maternity and Paternity Leave Policy for more details.
Bereavement Leave: This policy grants 3 days of paid time off to
employees in the unfortunate event of a death within their immediate
family, including parents, grandparents, siblings, spouses, children, and
in-laws.
Sabbatical Leave: Employees with at least 5 continuous years of
service are eligible to take unpaid sabbatical leave. Eligibility and the
duration of the leave are at the discretion of the management.
Sabbatical leave must be planned at least 6 months in advance.
Holiday List:
Employees are entitled to 9 paid holidays each calendar year, as per the
government-approved holiday list, which is communicated in December and
displayed on the official notice board, with the updated list also available on
the company’s Intrasite portal. Additionally, employees are granted 1
floating holiday per year, allowing them to observe personal, cultural, or
religious occasions not covered under the standard holiday list.